docs: add soft assertions (#36)
step-beyond/spring-boot-examples: README.md

* [AssertJ](https://assertj.github.io/doc/) 
  * used to write fluent assertions
  * [Example](domain/src/test/java/today/stepbeyond/examples/springbootexamples/domain/usecases/DogUseCasesTest.java#L74-L76)

>   * [Example](application/src/test/java/today/stepbeyond/examples/springbootexamples/application/domain/BirthOfDogIT.java#L69-L83) for soft assertions. Soft assertions are useful, when multiple assertions are within one test. With soft assertions you can disable the default fail fast behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Example](application/src/test/java/today/stepbeyond/examples/springbootexamples/application/domain/BirthOfDogIT.java#L69-L83) for soft assertions. Soft assertions are useful, when multiple assertions are examined in one test. With soft assertions you can disable the default fail fast behavior.
```
